--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[REASONING #15] 2025-12-09 20:35:13
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
We are at Step 5. We need to check permissions and access restrictions for the resolved employee (Bhwa_028) to ensure the current user is allowed to see their own projects and team compositions.

Approach:
1. Use who_am_i to get the current user context (already done in previous step, but we can do again for completeness).
2. Check the company rules for reading project and team data.
3. According to the company rules, there is no explicit rule that prevents an employee from viewing their own projects and team compositions. However, we should note that the rules specify that for certain actions (like updating projects) there are restrictions, but for reading, it seems generally allowed.
4. The rules do mention that for reading EmployeeProfile via chatbot, only a subset of fields is allowed unless confidential fields are requested. However, we are not reading EmployeeProfile for salary/notes, but project and team data.
5. The rules also mention that for querying (like SearchBySkill, ListReportsTo, FindExpertsByLocation) we can return lists of employees with certain fields. But that is for employee data.
6. For project data, the rules do not specify a restriction for reading. However, note that the user is in Sales & Customer Success, and the rules for mutating projects require specific roles. But for reading, it should be allowed.

But let's check the company rules provided at the top:

- There is no rule that explicitly restricts reading project data.
- There are rules for updating projects, but not for reading.
- The general rule: "ALL authorization MUST be derived from user.system_roles" and "AI_agent_credentials MUST NOT be used to perform actions beyond permissions of the acting user.employee_id; backend MUST enforce and audit 'changed_by' using the real user, not a shared bot identity."

Since we are only reading data (not mutating) and the user is authenticated (is_public is False), and the user is querying their own projects (the task is about "my projects"), it should be allowed.

However, we must also consider that the user might not have access to project data if they are not part of any project. But that is a data issue, not a permission issue.

We are to output:
- can_view_projects: boolean
- reason: string
- checked_roles: array of strings (the system roles of the user, if any)

We need to know the user's system roles. The who_am_i function does not return system_roles. We can get the employee record to see if there is a system_roles field? The EmployeeBrief and EmployeeFull models do not have a system_roles field. However, the company rules mention that we should have the user's system_roles bound from EmployeeRegistry.

Since the available functions do not expose system_roles directly, we cannot check them. However, the company rules state that for reading project data, there is no explicit restriction. So we assume that reading one's own projects is allowed.

But wait: the rules for querying (SearchBySkill, etc.) are about employee data. For project data, we don't have a rule. However, the rule for updating project core fields requires being the project manager or having specific roles. But for reading, it is not mentioned.

Given the absence of a restriction, we assume that reading project data is allowed for authenticated users. This is a typical scenario: employees can view the projects they are part of.

We can also note that the user is in Sales & Customer Success, and they might have the role 'SalesUser' or similar, but we don't have that information.

We can try to get the employee's full record to see if there is a system_roles field? Let's check the EmployeeFull model: it has id, name, email, salary, notes, location, department, skills, wills. No system_roles.

So we cannot retrieve system_roles via the API. However, the rules state that we must use the bound identity and the backend enforces authorization. Since we are only reading, and the user is authenticated, we assume the backend will enforce any restrictions.

Given the task, we are to check permissions and access restrictions. Since we cannot retrieve system_roles, we note that we don't have that information. We can only check that the user is authenticated and not public.

We should also note that the user is allowed to read their own employee data (as per the rule for EmployeeProfile via chatbot, they can see a subset of fields). But that is for employee data, not project data.

Let's output:

- can_view_projects: true (because the user is authenticated and there is no rule that prohibits reading one's own projects)
- reason: "User is authenticated and no company rules restrict reading one's own projects and team compositions."
- checked_roles: [] (since we cannot retrieve system_roles)

But wait: the company rules do mention that for reading project data, there might be no restriction, but we are not sure. However, the user is in the Sales department and might not have access to all projects. The task is about "my projects", meaning projects the user is part of. This is a reasonable assumption.

We can also check if there is any rule that says only certain roles can read project data. I don't see that.

Alternatively, we could try to list projects for the user to see if we get any data, but that is not a permission check but a data check. The permission check should be based on rules.

Given the above, we will output that the user can view projects.

However, note that the company rules do have a rule for reading employee data, but not for project data. We assume that project data is accessible to the user if they are part of the project.

Let's execute the step by doing:

1. Confirm the user is authenticated (is_public is False).
2. Note that we cannot check system_roles because they are not exposed in the API.

We'll write code to print the context and then output the JSON.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[REASONING #16] 2025-12-09 20:35:48
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
We need to provide the output in the specified JSON format.
 According to the step description, we need to check permissions and access restrictions for the current user to view their own projects and team compositions.
 We have already executed the code and printed the results. Now we need to format the output.

 The expected output is:
 {
   "can_view_projects": boolean,
   "reason": string,
   "checked_roles": array of strings
 }

 From our code execution, we have:
   can_view_projects = True
   reason = "User is authenticated and no company rules restrict reading one's own projects and team compositions. Rules only restrict mutation of project data."
   checked_roles = []   (since we cannot retrieve system_roles from the API)

 However, note that the user is in the Sales & Customer Success department. We should also consider if there are any department-specific restrictions.
 According to the company rules, there is no rule that prevents a Sales user from reading project data. The rules for mutation (like CreateProject) are restricted to certain roles, but reading is not mentioned.

 Also, note that the user is asking about "my projects", which implies projects they are involved in. The system should allow an employee to see projects they are part of.

 We have verified that the user is authenticated (is_public = False). This is the main requirement for general access.

 Let's double-check the company rules provided in the prompt:

   - The user is authenticated and bound to their employee identity.
   - There are rules for mutation (UpdateProjectCoreFields, ModifyTeamWorkload) that require the user to be the project manager or have certain roles, but nothing about reading.
   - There are rules for reading employee profiles (with field restrictions) but not for projects.

 Therefore, we can safely conclude that the user can view their own projects.

 However, note that the user might not have access to all fields of a project (like confidential notes) but the task only requires checking team composition (roles). This should be allowed.

 Let's adjust the reason to be more precise.

 Also, note that the step says: "Check permissions and access restrictions for the resolved employee to ensure the current user is allowed to see their own projects and team compositions."

 Since the user is checking their own projects (employee from Step 4 is the same as current user), and we have no rules against it, we allow.

 We cannot check the system_roles because they are not exposed in the EmployeeFull model, but we can note that we checked the user's department and authentication status.

 We'll set checked_roles to an empty array because we cannot retrieve them, but we note that we checked the user's department and authentication.

 Alternatively, we could try to infer from the company rules what roles might be required, but the rules don't specify any role for reading projects.

 Let's update the reason to include that we checked the user's department and authentication.

 Final output:

   can_view_projects: True
   reason: "User is authenticated (non-public) in the Sales & Customer Success department. Company rules do not restrict reading project data for one's own projects; only mutation operations are restricted by role."
   checked_roles: []   (since we don't have access to system_roles, but we note the department and authentication status)

 However, note that the expected output requires an array for checked_roles. We can put the department as a string in the array if we want, but the specification says array of strings. We can include the department if that's acceptable.

 Alternatively, we can leave it empty and note in the reason that we checked the department.

 Since the step says "checked_roles", and we don't have a way to get the system_roles, we leave it empty.

 But let's re-read the step: "Explicitly verify there is no requirement for special system roles to read this information."

 We have done that by examining the company rules and found no such requirement. So we are safe.

 Let's produce the JSON.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[REASONING #17] 2025-12-09 20:36:24
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
We are in Step 5. We have already executed the step and provided the output. However, the verification asks to confirm that we have completed the step correctly.

 Let's review the step requirements:

 Step 5: Check permissions and access restrictions for the resolved employee to ensure the current user is allowed to see their own projects and team compositions.

 Approach: Use the bound identity of the current user (employee id from Step 4) and the company rules to perform a who_am_i-style authorization check. Confirm that the user is querying only their own projects ('my projects'), which should allow reading team_member and project data except for any restricted fields like salaries or confidential notes. Explicitly verify there is no requirement for special system roles to read this information.

 We did:
  1. Called who_am_i() to get the current user context.
  2. Verified the user is authenticated (is_public = False).
  3. Checked the company rules (from the given rules in the prompt) that there are no restrictions on reading project data for authenticated users when querying their own projects.
  4. Noted that the rules only restrict mutation of project data and that reading is allowed.

 However, the step asks to "explicitly verify there is no requirement for special system roles to read this information."

 We cannot retrieve the user's system_roles from the API because the EmployeeFull model does not expose a system_roles field. We only have the context from who_am_i and the employee record.

 In the company rules, we see that for reading project data, there is no explicit rule that requires a special system role. The rules that do require system roles are for mutation (e.g., CreateProject, UpdateProjectCoreFields, etc.) or for accessing certain fields (like salary, hr_notes).

 Therefore, we can conclude that there is no requirement for special system roles to read one's own projects and team compositions.

 We have:
  - can_view_projects: True (because the user is authenticated and no rule denies reading)
  - reason: Explained why.
  - checked_roles: We cannot check the actual system_roles because they are not exposed in the API, but we have checked the company rules and found no role requirement for reading.

 The output we provided is consistent with what we can verify.

 However, note that the step says: "If the policy engine denies access, note the denial and stop further data-related steps." We did not get a denial because the user is authenticated and the rules do not restrict reading.

 Let's double-check the company rules for any rule that might restrict reading of project data:

 Company rules provided in the prompt:

 1. Authenticated User Rules:
    - For EmployeeProfile: Allowed fields for all employees are listed. For salary and hr_notes, require HRAdmin or manager.
    - For updates (UpdateLocation, etc.): require backend_permission_check.
    - For CRM actions: require SalesUser, CustomerServiceUser, SalesManager, or CRMAdmin.
    - For project mutations (CreateProject, UpdateProjectCoreFields, etc.): require user.id == project.project_manager or user.system_roles intersect with DepartmentLeader, ProjectAdmin, ITAdmin.
    - For time entry modifications: require the employee owns the entry or is TimesheetAdmin, and only if status is draft.
    - For adding/updating skills/wills: require user.id == target_employee.id or HRAdmin/Manager.
    - For query types (SearchBySkill, etc.): allow returning lists with certain fields, never include salary, hr_notes.

 2. General Rules:
    - Require user.employee_id != null.
    - For wiki: deny write if contains sensitive personal data.
    - All authorization must be derived from user.system_roles.
    - If request is understood but authorization_check == DENY, return Outcome='denied_security'.

 There is no rule that says reading project data requires a special role. Therefore, we can assume that reading is allowed for authenticated users.

 However, note that the user is in the Sales & Customer Success department. They might not have access to all projects, but the question is about "my projects" (projects they are involved in). We don't have a rule that says you can only read projects you are involved in, but the user's intention is to see their own projects.

 We are safe to proceed.

 We have completed the step. Let's provide the same output again.
