--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[REASONING #1] 2025-12-09 20:02:00
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
We are in Step 1: Understand the user question and define the exact decision rule.
 We are NOT accessing any systems yet. We are only clarifying the logic.

 The user question: "Do you operate in Tokyo OR Paris Office – France?"

 We need to extract the locations of interest: "Tokyo" and "Paris Office – France".

 The decision rule: If the company's locations (which we have in the initial context) contain at least one of these two locations (with case-insensitive comparison and allowing for fuzzy and semantic/logical matching for typos or formatting variations), then answer "Yes", otherwise "No".

 However, note that the company locations are provided in the initial context:
   Headquarters & Italian Factory – Northern Italy (between Milan and Bergamo)
   Serbian Factory – near Novi Sad, northern Serbia
   Munich Office – Germany
   Paris Office – France
   Rotterdam Office – Netherlands
   Barcelona Office – Spain
   Vienna Office – Austria

 We are not allowed to access any systems in this step, but we can note that we have the list of company locations from the initial context.

 But note: the step says "Do not access any systems yet; this step only clarifies logic."

 So we will define the rule without using any functions.

 We are to output:
   locations_of_interest: an array of strings, the two locations we are checking for.
   decision_rule: a string describing the rule.

 However, note the expected output is a JSON with properties "locations_of_interest" and "decision_rule".

 Let's write the decision rule in natural language.

 Since we are allowed to use fuzzy and semantic matching in the next steps, we can note that.

 But for now, we just define the rule.

 Let's extract the locations of interest from the user question.

 The user says: "Tokyo OR Paris Office – France"

 So we have two locations: "Tokyo" and "Paris Office – France"

 However, note that the company has a location "Paris Office – France". It's written exactly that way in the initial context.

 For Tokyo, there is no mention in the initial context.

 So the rule: if the set of company locations (as provided in the initial context) contains either "Tokyo" (or a fuzzy/semantic match for Tokyo) or "Paris Office – France" (or a fuzzy/semantic match for that), then answer Yes.

 But note: the step is only to define the rule, not to execute.

 We'll output:

 locations_of_interest: ["Tokyo", "Paris Office – France"]
 decision_rule: "If the company's locations list (as provided in the initial context) contains at least one of the two locations of interest (using case-insensitive comparison and allowing for fuzzy and semantic matching to account for typos or formatting variations), then return 'Yes'; otherwise return 'No'."

 However, note that the expected output is a JSON object with properties "locations_of_interest" and "decision_rule".

 Let's construct the JSON accordingly.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[REASONING #2] 2025-12-09 20:03:01
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
We are in Step 1: Define the decision rule.
 The step says: "Do not access any systems yet; this step only clarifies logic."
 We are to parse the user request to extract the locations of interest and formalize the decision rule.

 The user request: "I'm looking for the closest vendor. Do you operate in Tokyo OR Paris Office – France? Answer Yes if either location is present, or No"

 We extract two locations: "Tokyo" and "Paris Office – France".

 However, note that the company locations are provided in the initial context:
   Headquarters & Italian Factory – Northern Italy (between Milan and Bergamo)
   Serbian Factory – near Novi Sad, northern Serbia
   Munich Office – Germany
   Paris Office – France
   Rotterdam Office – Netherlands
   Barcelona Office – Spain
   Vienna Office – Austria

 We are to prepare a decision rule that checks if the company operates in at least one of the two locations.

 We are allowed to use case-insensitive comparison and fuzzy/semantic matching to account for typos or formatting variations.

 The expected output is a JSON with two fields: locations_of_interest and decision_rule.

 Let's break down:

 1. Locations of interest: an array of strings. We have two: "Tokyo" and "Paris Office – France".

 2. Decision rule: a string that describes the rule.

 We are not to access any systems, so we don't need to call any functions.

 However, note that the step says: "Parse the user request textually to extract the locations of interest". We have done that.

 We also note that the company locations are given in the initial context. We can refer to them in the decision rule.

 The decision rule should be something like:

   if "Tokyo" is present (case-insensitive, fuzzy) in the company locations OR
      "Paris Office – France" is present (case-insensitive, fuzzy) in the company locations
   then answer "Yes", else "No".

 But note: the company location for Paris is given as "Paris Office – France", which matches exactly one of the two.

 However, we are to allow for fuzzy and semantic matching. So we might consider:

   - For Tokyo: check if any company location contains "Tokyo" (or similar, e.g., "Tokyo Office").
   - For Paris: check if any company location contains "Paris" and "France".

 Since we are not accessing systems, we are just defining the rule.

 Let's write the decision rule in a clear way:

   Let company_locations = [list of company locations as provided in the context].
   Let location1 = "Tokyo"
   Let location2 = "Paris Office – France"

   For location1, we will check if any string in company_locations contains the substring "Tokyo" (case-insensitive, and allow for fuzzy matching if exact substring is not found).
   For location2, we will check if any string in company_locations contains the substring "Paris" and "France" (case-insensitive, and allow for fuzzy matching).

   If either condition is true, then answer "Yes". Otherwise, answer "No".

 We are to output:

   locations_of_interest: ["Tokyo", "Paris Office – France"]
   decision_rule: a string describing the above.

 However, note that the user request says "Paris Office – France" exactly, and that is one of the company locations.

 We can also note that the company locations are fixed and known from the context.

 Let's formalize the decision rule in a more structured way:

   Step 1: Normalize the two locations of interest to lower case and remove extra whitespace.
   Step 2: For each company location, normalize to lower case and remove extra whitespace.
   Step 3: For the first location of interest ("Tokyo"), check if any company location contains the string "tokyo" (or if fuzzy matching yields a high enough score, e.g., > 0.8).
   Step 4: For the second location of interest ("Paris Office – France"), check if any company location contains both "paris" and "france" (or if fuzzy matching for the whole string yields a high enough score).

   If either Step 3 or Step 4 returns true, then answer "Yes". Otherwise, answer "No".

 Since we are not implementing the check in this step, we just describe the rule.

 Let's write the decision rule in the JSON.

 However, note that the expected output is a JSON with the two fields.

 We are to output:

   {
     "locations_of_interest": ["Tokyo", "Paris Office – France"],
     "decision_rule": "Check if the company's locations (from initial context: ...) contain at least one of the locations_of_interest. Use case-insensitive matching and allow for fuzzy and semantic matching. Specifically, for 'Tokyo' check if any company location contains the substring 'Tokyo' (or fuzzy match with ratio > 0.8). For 'Paris Office – France' check if any company location contains both 'Paris' and 'France' (or fuzzy match for the whole string with ratio > 0.8). If either condition is met, answer 'Yes'; otherwise answer 'No'."
   }

 But note: the company locations are provided in the initial context. We can list them in the decision rule for clarity.

 Alternatively, we can reference the initial context.

 Let me adjust the decision rule to be more concise and clear.

 Since the step says "Do not access any systems yet", we are only defining the rule. We can assume that the company locations are known.

 Let's write the decision rule accordingly.

 However, note that the step says "parse the user request textually to extract the locations of interest". We have done that.

 Let's output the JSON.

 But wait: the step says "Expected Output: {"type":"object","properties":...}". This is a schema for the output. We are to output the actual JSON.

 So our output should be:

   {
     "locations_of_interest": ["Tokyo", "Paris Office – France"],
     "decision_rule": "If the company locations (from context) contain 'Tokyo' (case-insensitive, fuzzy) OR contain 'Paris Office – France' (case-insensitive, fuzzy) then answer 'Yes', else 'No'."
   }

 However, to be more precise, let's note that the company locations are:

   - Headquarters & Italian Factory – Northern Italy
   - Serbian Factory – near Novi Sad, northern Serbia
   - Munich Office – Germany
   - Paris Office – France
   - Rotterdam Office – Netherlands
   - Barcelona Office – Spain
   - Vienna Office – Austria

 We can see that "Paris Office – France" is exactly one of them.

 So the rule can be:

   Check if "Paris Office – France" is in the list of company locations (exact string match, case-insensitive) OR if any company location contains the string "Tokyo" (case-insensitive, and if fuzzy matching is needed, use a threshold of 0.8).

 Let's write the decision rule accordingly.

 However, note that the user might have written "Paris Office – France" exactly as in the company locations, so we can do an exact match for that.

 But to be safe, we allow for fuzzy matching for both.

 Let's write the decision rule in a way that allows for fuzzy matching for both, but note that for Paris we have an exact match in the company locations.

 Alternatively, we can break down:

   For Tokyo: we don't have an exact match in the company locations, so we rely on substring or fuzzy matching.
   For Paris: we have an exact match, but we still allow for fuzzy in case the user wrote it slightly differently.

 Since the step says "allowing for fuzzy and semantic / logical matching", we'll include that.

 Let me write the decision rule:

   Let L be the list of company locations (from the initial context).
   Let loc1 = "Tokyo"
   Let loc2 = "Paris Office – France"

   For each location in L, convert to lower case and remove extra spaces.
   For loc1, if any location in L contains the string "tokyo" (case-insensitive) or if the fuzzy matching ratio between loc1 and any location in L is above 0.8, then condition1 is true.
   For loc2, if any location in L contains the string "paris" and "france" (case-insensitive) or if the fuzzy matching ratio between loc2 and any location in L is above 0.8, then condition2 is true.

   If condition1 OR condition2 is true, then answer "Yes". Otherwise, answer "No".

 We'll write this in the decision_rule field.

 Let's code the JSON output.
